content/about/_index.md, before:

+++
title = 'About'
date = 2024-09-23T20:46:17-05:00
draft = false
+++

# Hi, I’m Michael Tayo

I’m a cybersecurity expert based in the USA, blending cutting-edge tech with a deep understanding of security architecture to keep the digital world from, well, crumbling into chaos. I’m passionate about **automating security processes** (because who doesn’t love making life simpler?) and **locking down cloud environments**. Whether I’m building fortress-like defenses or hunting down vulnerabilities like they owe me money, I bring a fresh, forward-thinking approach to staying one step ahead of the bad guys.

Welcome to **CybersecurityOS** Where **cybersecurity**, **automation**, **AI**, and **system design** all hang out together. Here, I obsess over the future of technology and how to make sure it doesn’t do more harm than good starting with **secure-by-design systems** that put security at the foundation, not as an afterthought (you’re welcome).

I’m planning to turn all these insights into a book one day—because why not? But for now, I invite you to stick around as I share strategies, practical solutions, and some random thoughts on navigating the wild world of modern cybersecurity. Together, we’ll figure out how to **protect systems**, **safeguard data**, and **shape the future of tech** without losing our minds in the process.

Oh, and when I’m not neck-deep in security, I love hitting the gym, traveling the world, and endulging in the ever-evolving world of music, food and fashion.

Thanks for stopping by—let’s connect and maybe help secure the digital world while we’re at it!

Commit message:

rewrite: position CybersecurityOS with 'Engineering security from first principles'

content/about/_index.md, after:

+++
title = 'About'
date = 2024-09-23T20:46:17-05:00
draft = false
+++

# Engineering Security from First Principles

Welcome to **CybersecurityOS**—a resource dedicated to building secure systems by design, not by accident.

I'm Michael Tayo, a cybersecurity strategist based in the USA. I work at the intersection of **security engineering**, **system design**, and **automation**, helping organizations think critically about how to embed security into their technology from the ground up.

## What You'll Find Here

At CybersecurityOS, we explore:

- **Secure-by-design architecture** — Security as a first-class concern, not an afterthought
- **Automation and DevSecOps** — Making security scalable, consistent, and sustainable
- **Cloud security and infrastructure** — Securing systems at scale
- **AI and emerging technologies** — Understanding the security implications of what's next
- **Practical frameworks and strategies** — Actionable insights for security leaders, engineers, and teams

This isn't about fear or complexity. It's about clarity—understanding what systems need to be secure, why, and how to achieve it efficiently.

## Beyond the Blog

I'm working on turning these frameworks and insights into a comprehensive guide on security-first engineering. For now, I share weekly perspectives on cybersecurity, technology trends, and the decisions that shape our digital future.

When I'm not thinking about security architecture, you'll find me exploring the intersections of fitness, travel, music, and food.

Let's build more resilient systems together.
